SEND TO TRUMP IMMEDIATELY and FOLLOW THE GAME PLAN.  Trump 2024 - We Are Just On The Horizon.

This is, in fact, one of the most important documents I will be sharing with the American People.  It is, in fact, the only real solution.  Violent means.

An urgent call to duty: Be a Real American

Jordan Peterson has spoken at great length to the young men in this country.  Lost and forgotten - disrespected and humiliated.  He has urged young men to take on responsibility and attempt to get their life in order.  Creating order out of chaos.  Clean, tidy up.  Do the right thing.  But the American dream seems nowhere to be found, and our country has been stolen from us.

In this document, I will explain to you how our Satanic Rulers - The Illuminati (The Rothschilds, Thunbergs and Cooke) - and their Satanic Minions, have been destroying the lives of everyone and preventing us from having healthy, happy lives.


Non-violence was a hoax meant to weaken.

The time has come to possess violent means.  
> We do not have our independence.  We never did.
> We do not have our Bill of Rights (First Amendment, Second Amendment)

The current White-House Cabinet has been overrun by Evil and selfish individuals.  

Explain how things written in One Faith are linked to all of the pain and suffering of Good Men.  We are forced to try to be Good.  But I do not belive that this is the answer.  Everyone capable should possess firearms and obtain proper training.
 
We must redeclare our independence and get angry about what has been happening.

-------------------------------------------
President Trump
The First Decent President - The First Good President - The First Great President.

They have lots of "supposed" dirt on Trump and the rest of the Good Guys.  It's a load of horse-shit.  Where are the Weinstein Files? Where oh where, are the Weinstein Files?  They forced Trump to do things at gun point.  Used Advanced Torture and Mind-Control techniques developed by the CIA through MKUltra - a continuation of Auschwitz and Crucifixion that they did to Jesus Our Messiah.

President Trump is a REAL MAN OF GOD - A CHRISTIAN MAN.  Somewhere, lost and forgotten, all around us - we'll see God.  In God We Trust - on our goddamn coins.  One Nation - key word ONE.  Under GOD - key word GOD.  INDIVISIBLE WITH LIBERTY AND JUSTICE FOR ALL.

Why are we letting Trump get smeared.  How does this make sense?  You think Barry's actually a Christian?  Not a chance.  How about his Cabinet?  They're all Roman Catholics - SATANISTS.

You want some real DIRT?  Go find a Catholic Priest.  Send a kid there.  And wait.  - DO NOT ACTUALLY DO THIS.  They will get fucking gang-raped.  They've been gang-raping every little boy and girl they could get their fucking hands on.  They say 300k now in the past ~70 years.  Try literally billions of children over the past millenia (See: Roman Empire).  Think...think...Roman Empire - Roman Catholics.  Roman Conquest - rape little boys in villages - rape them on the marble floors too.  It doesn't make a difference.  Want to move up in the ladder?  Send the kid to an aristocrat - LITTLE DICK SUCKERS - LITTLE BOY FUCKERS.

Now they've turned the women into LITTLE DICK SNIPPERS.  You think that was a coincidence?  Aasha Foster - PhD in Psychology from Columbia (SAME SCHOOL AS BARRY) - SAME MOB AS BARRY. SAME MOB AS BARRY.    

With a THESIS in Transgender Pronouns - no understanding of statistics - she struggles with basic Math.  Psychology...sounds like a science - doesn't it?  They're doing it on purpose.

The real Psychology - Human Experimentation and Satanism - it's happening in the Shadows.  We were all naive...and the ones who weren't - they paid the price.

Bullshit arguments:
1. They're going to call him a mysoginist - made some rash comments or something.  Who hasn't?  Who hasn't?  Shut your fuckin mouth. Joe Biden raped his own fucking little daughter, and so do the rest of the fuckin Illuminati followers.  It's a fucking requirement.  A pre-requisite.
> They've been going ALL IN on their OWN DAUGHTERS - you understand?  This is not a joke.  Ask yourself why Joe Biden's daughter mysteriously disappeared?  She got MKULTRA'd.  

MKUltra: Advanced Mind Control, Brainwashing and Population Control Techniques utilizing Satanic practices including, but not limited to: sexual torture and humiliation, mutilation, forcible incestual relations, enslavement, extreme masochism, desecration and mutilation of children, forcible breeding of humans like animals in a factory, confinement into the dark, blinding, Satanic Medical practices* (See: declassified docs for a more exhaustive list of likely censored and faked information)

A lot of you are probably wondering - why?  This can't be real.  You must be exaggerating.  I'm not.  Think through it logically.  What's the purpose?  You want the most ruthless fucking sadistic, psychopathic leaders possible.  You have to start genocides globally and help them execute their human trafficking globally - obtain the human beings, the children - order the military and use them for that purpose.  Appoint leaders.  Teach them Satanism.  Does it make sense now?  Babies are born as Social Creatures.  They are TURNED Evil.  We are re-programmed through advanced Satanic techniques to show absolutely no sympathy, no remorse, and gradually build a thirst for blood.  Find pleasure in inflicting pain and suffering.  View other human beings, starting from our own family, as beneath us.  Like dogs, or cattle - to be herded, used and abused.




-------------------------------------------

It's because they're Illuminati minions.  

...

For too long we have been forced to live without our rights controlled by Sick Satanists.  You'll understand what that means.  Forced to live like dogs in a dog house.  Humiliated.  Made to feel worthless.  

All we ever wanted was a happy family.  A girlfriend.  A wife.  Kids.  A job.  Instead we get something else entirely.  They say we're INCELS.  That's not the case.  We're living like DOGS.  The rapists and gang members are getting all the girls - looking for protection, scared, brainwashed - classical conditioning.  They're being conditioned to be a bitch.

Forced to go to schools that teach us nothing - end up without jobs and BROKE.  Living off of mommy and daddy's money.  Bunch of Peter Pan's - let's cure this Peter Pan Syndrome.

The others, we're called uneducated.  The everyday American man.  The men who protect and serve - the US Military and Armed Forces.  They can't go - toe to toe.  Why are they running our country?  Why are the Ivy League, Law Cronies - running our country - when they don't know a damn thing about THE REAL WORLD.




You try to be a good man in this country, and this is what you get.  A whole lot of garbage.  The girls are turned into whores, gang-raped and hyper-feminized.  You try to be a nice guy, and you're told nice guys finish last.  The gang members and criminals get all the women, and they do it by force.  

Next thing you know, the women are shaking their pom-poms and bom-boms, and chugging party cups.  And nobody asks how they got there.  You've been all fed a lot of hot garbage.

You're told you're a loser.  Told you're not cool.  Next thing you know, you're listening to Black Mob music, trying to be cool.  It's not just music.  One thing leads to the next and now you're neck deep in drug addiction.  Fed up.  Nobody cares.

Don't waste any more time listening to their sorry ass excuses.  They have all their guns, we don't.  Non-violence was a load of horse-shit.  MLK was CIA and Black Mob - Alpha, Gandhi was CIA and Hindu Mob - they sold out their people and spread this hot garbage.  This is how they've been getting away with this.

PIKE - gang-raping innocent freshman, roofies and the like.  They're scared - say their just acting.  But they're not.  They're fucking retards.  Think this is a game? Send your daughters out to undergrad in enemy territory.  What territories are those?  Pretty much all of them.  Especially the ones with the best schools.  

Just a bunch of fucking gangs all over the place.  THEY HAVE GUNS, WE DON'T.

Get your guns ready.  Barry says they'll have the Men In Black Suits capture me.  That I'm inciting violence.  I told him this is our 2nd amendment right.  Why don't we have it?  It's because Barry is Black Mob.

You want to know who's been doing this?
Illuminati*[5] > 
UK Crime Syndicate > 
Cartels (Asian - KMafia, Triad, Yakuza et. al | Latin - Mexico MS13 etc., Brazil et. al | Russian Mafia | ) > 
Mafia (Italian,  ) > 
Mobs (Black Mob - Bloods, Crips, etc.)

We never had our American Independence.  Illuminati and UK Crime Syndicate has been calling the shots.  We don't have our 1st Amendment rights.  Free Speech has been getting shut down - instead we have Censorship and Thought Police.

THEY HAVE GUNS, WE DON'T.

DOI > Bill of Rights (1st Amendment, 2nd Amendment...)

Get your fucking 2nd amendment rights.  Then, we'll go have a talk about what happened with the other two.  No more bullshit politics.  They stole the Presidency with Biowarfare (See: COVID) > Lockdown > Riots > Global Coups > .  Hard to believe?  This is just the tip of the iceberg - they couldn't be playing dirtier.

